Adding warning about updating the terraform tool (#859)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployment-examples/terraform-deployments/index.md

**Where do Terraform Steps execute?**
All Terraform steps execute on a worker.  By default, that will be the built-in worker in the Octopus Server. Learn about [workers](/docs/infrastructure/workers/index.md) and the different configuration options.
:::

:::warning

> If the Terraform tool is updated beyond version 0.11 and you are using the "Source Code" option within a Terraform step, you will receive syntax warnings within Octopus. You can update the Terraform tool beyond version 0.11 without issue if you only intend to use the "File inside a package" option within the terraform step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Terraform tool is updated above version 0.11 and you are using the **Source Code** option within a Terraform step, you will receive syntax warnings within Octopus. You can update the Terraform tool to a version higher than 0.11 without issue if you only use the **File inside a package** option within the terraform step.
```
